# Native vector/matrix/tensor implementation

Calculations are performed inplace as much as possible to reduce allocations and copying.

Most places assume that vector/matrix sizes are correct. 
Other places panic on wrong sizes. This is intentional since the code is intended for 
embedded systems like microcontrollers. Therefore always test your code.

Some operations require a destination vector/matrix. The design decision was made
to have `Vector` and `Matrix` serve as the mutable arguments instead of a pointer to 
a concrete type, e.g. `Matrix3x3`.

Most of the code uses `math32` package directly, however, in the future this package should be `float32` implementation of basic math operations or a proxy to some other embedded math library.

## Auto - Generated

The main code is in `gen/*.tpl` and is autogenerated using parameters from `gen/*.json`.
Generation instruction is in `math.go`.

Tests were generated once and mostly generic implementagion is tested, however, where 
more optimized implementation is available, then there will be tests for each such concrete
implementation.

### Development cycle

Usually the fixes/development/experimentation is done on the generic implementation and/or 
concrete in some cases, and then the code is moved to the template, generated back and tested.

NOTE: No manually edited code in the generated files should be commited.

## Features

- [x] Vectors
  - [x] Generic vector
  - [x] 2D, 3D, 4D
- [ ] Matrices
    - [x] Generic
        - [ ] Inverse
        - [ ] SVD
        - [ ] Pseudo Inverse (for KI)
    - [x] 2x2, 3x3, 4x4, 3x4, 4x3
        - [ ] Inverse
    - [ ] Sparse matrix
- [ ] Tensors
- [ ] Helpers
